to make a cheesecake
we need 3 eggs 300 of cream for
Cook half condensed milk tube
a tub and weight to spread and sugar to
taste if you like it really sweet it would be 300
grams for 3 eggs before mixing
the ingredients we will put the oven
preheated to 180 degrees up and down
we started laying the eggs
in a bowl
as we said before there were three after
we put the kitchen cream
the whole boat
half tube of condensed milk
the one that are odd
and as we said before sugar to taste
in my house I like it very sweet so
we only put a little
and now we're going missing
it's a thread
using the blender once all
beaten and well united taking care not to
there are lumps of cheese
we'll see that the dough is pretty
liquida the vertebrate very carefully in
mold
once the oven is already hot
we can put
we'll leave it for 40 minutes in the oven
controlling when it set
we will check if it is already cooked not
you scare because it swells
the stick has come out clean means
that is ready to adore him
As you can see now, the
volume and we'll let it take the
room temperature once there is
At room temperature, we can
put it in the fridge about six eight
hours so that it takes more consistency
after having the cake at least
68 hours in the fridge we can proceed to
dismantle we will pass it with the tip of the
knife by the edge
of the mold to take it off
we will try to make it face up
so that it looks good when
toasted
We can serve our cake with a
little bit of red fruit jam or
strawberry or a splash of syrup
chocolate and you have it ready for
eat